Answers to exercise questions for Netlify job interview

1) Rank your 5 favorite, and 5 least favorite, activities from this list:

First of all, this list is a perfect description of most of the tasks I do, or have done at my current job. And I like to doing most of them. But with that said, Here is a ranking of my 5 favorite activities:

Engage multiple users at once via chat to answer their questions and troubleshoot problems
Receive occasional phone calls requesting support from our highest-value customers
Deliver a talk to many people you don't know at a conference or meetup
Create video tutorials to help teach users a specific feature or use case
Help train and onboard new support teammates

And here are my least favorite activities (but I still like doing them :) )

Set up your own copy of several static site frameworks for debugging
Debug a customer's build using a programming language and framework that you've never seen before
Work with prospective customers to explain our service and the pricing model
Submit bug reports and potentially bug fixes to closed and open source projects that Netlify maintains on GitHub
Suggest and champion improvements to the Support team's workflow to your colleagues in and out of Support

2) What is your favorite thing about providing technical support?

The primary thing about providing support to customers for me is to first of all, listen to the customer's issue, ask questions that are pertinant, and then take steps to resolve the issue. As I am working thru the issue with the customer, I like to not only troubleshoot, but provide explanations of what steps I am taking, so that they can learn from the experience, and know what to do the next time a similar issue occurs. I like to see the lightbulb come on in their mind, and thus provide them with a memorable support experience. Hopefully, they will remember that experience, and this will help to build trust in the support relationship with Nelify moving forward. That way, it becomes a teachable moment as well as a successful resolution the the customer's issue.

3) What did you think of our service during the time you used it?  Provide either some constructive criticism or some points that impressed you.  Be honest!  “It sucked” isn’t a wrong answer unless you don’t elaborate and provide some constructive criticism ;)

